Move HDR references from color module to related features (#41909)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/guides/colors/index.md

- [`color-mix()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/color_value/color-mix)
- [`contrast-color()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/color_value/contrast-color)
- {{CSSXref("color_value/light-dark", "light-dark()")}}

> The CSS color modules also introduce the {{CSSXref("color_value/device-cmyk", "device-cmyk()")}} and `contrast-color()` functions. Currently, no browsers support these features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS color modules also introduce the {{CSSXref("color_value/device-cmyk", "device-cmyk()")}} function. Currently, no browsers support this feature.
```

As `contrast-color()` is now supported, and is listed above.
